this project did gain some traction in the form of 3 to 5 people snooping in on it...

any publicity is publicity.

 "repos\ScrubTheToilet-FP_KnifeGame\Assets\Art\temporary_folder"
 
 is where the rest of this goes...

I split my temp folder into two:
   one in root folder "ScrubTheToilet-FP_KnifeGame"
   
   and another one in...
   
   "repos\ScrubTheToilet-FP_KnifeGame\Assets\Art\temporary_folder"
   
I did it because Unity hooked it's .meta files to my trash files cluttering my project.

some of that trash files are useful to play around and learn the functionality of Unity and experiment...
while others are there just for blogging purposes to gain traction in the form of a fanbase for my future
Redbeard Pirate Studio gaming corpo Indie self-made garage startup.

I had to sell my own car to invest into it.
I have to learn how to drive a moto...
I'm still torn between borrowing my mothers car to drive or to buy a $3k - $6k motorcycle.
I had to sacrifice my own free time that I could've spent polishing my skills for employability.
I had to rebuke some very nasty people who wronged me in my life.
I had to endure a domestic fight with a very treacherous lecherous woman.

I don't care in the slightest about any person who says CEOs are frat boys making a fortune off of their rich parents money.
Book of Matthew from the Bible clearly states in Chapter 25, -- Parable of the Talon.
Hard work and thriftiness is what makes people rich.

Being born into the right family with the right connections and having deep pockets helps too.
But those "self-made" Billionaires still had to put in the effort to become Billionaires.
Even if they borrowed their sugarmommy's and sugardaddy's money to achieve their goals.
Even if they had a safety net padding to experiment and risk it all...

I had the opposite feeling on me.
People were leeching off of me instead of flowing into me.
The people brought destruction into my life instead of trying to help me and be done with it and acquire something new for themselves.
They did end up acquiring my wisdom. After they've brought destruction into their lives and indepted themselves to some very, very, very unpleasant future.

and that is precisely why I will leave this easter egg in my 2nd blogging.
Nothing pisses off people more than reading the raw brutal truth. It's a finesure way to ragebait people.